axis, all right? Now you have this grid. Think of this grid as a map, okay? This think of this grid as a map
where only few data points we have sampled, okay? We want to trace the lines in this map. Say you, you have
a particular country and you want to trace the lines and the lines where the lines are the lines
are the points where your objective function, the objective function is highest. So higher the
objective function, suppose if it's accuracy, we want to maximize it, right? Suppose your objective is
increasing the accuracy. We want to go in a in a particular route that will reach us to the maximum.
Suppose this is the point where it has the maximum highest accuracy starting somewhere randomly.
We want to reach this point at the fastest rate, right? The acquisition function, the acquisition
function is something that will, that will estimate the height of these points, okay?
Think of this as a contour. You might have seen contour graphs and all where you have say red colors,
dark red colors, wherever the point is very high. The, the value is very high heat maps kind of thing,